feat!: resolve schemas through the vpr scheme and verify participants at the issuance instant (#131)
verana-labs/verre: README.md

* **didResolver** (*Resolver*, optional): Custom universal resolver instance.
* **cache** (*TrustResolutionCache<string, Promise<TrustResolution>*, optional): Cache store for trust resolution results. When provided, a successful resolution is stored keyed by DID and returned directly on subsequent calls. Any object implementing the `TrustResolutionCache` interface is accepted, the library provides `InMemoryCache` as a built-in implementation.
* **skipDigestSRICheck** (*boolean*, optional): When true, skips verification of the credential integrity (digestSRI). Defaults to false.

> * **ecsEcosystems** (*EcsEcosystem[]*, optional): Ecosystems whitelisted to create Essential Credential Schemas per [WL-ECS] (`{ did, vpr }` pairs, where `vpr` matches a `verifiablePublicRegistries[].scheme`). When set, a schema whose Ecosystem is not whitelisted degrades to a regular VTC. When undefined, any Ecosystem is accepted. Requires a registry adapter; verre throws if one is not configured. Resolutions are cached per whitelist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **ecsEcosystems** (*EcsEcosystem[]*, optional): Ecosystems allowed to create Essential Credential Schemas per [WL-ECS] (`{ did, vpr }` pairs, where `vpr` matches a `verifiablePublicRegistries[].scheme`). When set, a schema whose Ecosystem is not allowed degrades to a regular VTC. When undefined, any Ecosystem is accepted. Requires a registry adapter; verre throws if one is not configured. Resolutions are cached per allowlist.
```

  // Returns the raw JSON text of the subject schema by its resolved URL.
  fetchSchema(url: string): Promise<string>

  // Returns the Participant effective at `when` for a DID, or undefined if none exists.
  fetchParticipant(

>     schemaId: number | string,

Reviewer: I have an unanswered question regarding this ambiguity of types for schemaId.

Author: This one was waiting on your call about non-vpr refs, I flagged it at the end of that comment. The string only ever came from that fallback pulling a schemaId out of the URL path. Now that those refs resolve as NOT_TRUSTED with no authorization check, nothing produces a string id, so it is a plain `number` in `types.ts`, `EcsProvenance` and `verifyAuthorization`.
